content/privacypolicy/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: 
draft: false
layout: single
type: privacypolicy
date: 2025-08-15
image: 
description: "This privacy policy outlines the practices of this website, owned and operated by me, Luke Crofton Arbuthnot."
toc: false
---

## Data Processing

I take your privacy very seriously. This site has no analytics enabled. 

I do not collect, store or otherwise process your personal data unless you choose to contact me directly (e.g., by email, calling or through messenging applications). In such cases I will ensure that processing of your personal data is done in accordance with the principles of data protection by design and default, ensuring that data is:

- Collected for specific, explicit, and legitimate purposes.
- Processed in a manner that is fair, transparent, and secure.
- Kept accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
- Stored for no longer than necessary.
- Deleted or anonymized when no longer needed.

By default, this site does not set non-essential cookies. Third-party cookies may be set only after you actively load their content (e.g., a video).

If you choose to load certain elements on this site that are provided by third-party services (e.g., YouTube videos), your browser will connect to those third parties, who may set cookies or collect usage data under their own terms. Please refer to the relevant third-party's privacy policies for more information.

## Hosting Provider

This website is hosted through **[Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)**. See the following information relating to Nelify’s privacy policy:

- [Netlify Privacy Statement](https://www.netlify.com/privacy/)
- [Netlify’s commitment to protect your data](https://www.netlify.com/gdpr-ccpa/)

## Data Subject Rights

You have the right to:

- Access: Request access to your personal data held by me.
- Rectify: Request rectification of inaccurate personal data held by me.
- Erasure: Request erasure of personal data held by me.
- Restrict Processing: Request restriction of personal data processing held by me.
- Data Portability: Request data portability.
- Object to Processing: Object to the processing of personal data held by me.

## Contact

If you have any questions, concerns, or requests regarding this privacy policy, please contact me, Luke Crofton Arbuthnot, at [privseclaw@pm.me](privseclaw@pm.me).

## Changes to This Policy

This privacy policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in my data processing practices or to comply with changes in applicable laws and regulations. You are encouraged to review this policy regularly to stay informed about how I handle your personal data.

By using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the terms of this privacy policy.

Commit message:

Add privacy policy, lazy YouTube embeds, and social/contact tweaks
- Implemented lazy-loading YouTube shortcode with click-to-play
- Updated site privacy policy (GDPR-friendly, click-to-load third-party embeds, Substack/YouTube handling)
- Enabled Hugo GitInfo for "last updated" display on Privacy Policy
- Tweaked baseof.html to load youtube-lazy.js
- Adjusted YAML privacy/security settings (removed deprecated keys, added rel="noopener noreferrer" to external links)
- Added contact section social buttons (LinkedIn, GitHub, Signal)
- Fixed Signal SVG color (#E6E6E1) for consistency with other icons

content/privacypolicy/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
draft: false
layout: single
type: privacypolicy
description: "This privacy policy outlines the practices of this website, owned and operated by me, Luke Crofton Arbuthnot."
toc: false
---

## Data Processing

I take your privacy very seriously. This site has no analytics enabled. 

I do not collect, store, or otherwise process your personal data unless you choose to contact me directly (e.g., by email, calling, or through messaging applications). In such cases, I will ensure that processing of your personal data is done in accordance with the principles of data protection by design and default, ensuring that data is:

- Collected for specific, explicit, and legitimate purposes.  
- Processed in a manner that is fair, transparent, and secure.  
- Kept accurate, complete, and up-to-date.  
- Stored for no longer than necessary.  
- Deleted or anonymized when no longer needed.  

By default, this site does not set non-essential cookies.  

Certain features on this site rely on third-party services. These are only activated if you choose to interact with them:

- **YouTube videos**: Videos are embedded using a privacy-enhanced setup and only load once you actively click “Play.” At that point, your browser will connect to YouTube, which may set cookies or collect usage data. See [YouTube’s Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).  
- **Substack email signup**: If you use the signup form to subscribe, your information will be sent directly to Substack. See [Substack’s Privacy Policy](https://substack.com/privacy).  

If you do not wish to share information with these third parties, you can simply choose not to interact with these elements.  

## Hosting Provider

This website is hosted through **[Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)**. See the following information relating to Netlify’s privacy policy:

- [Netlify Privacy Statement](https://www.netlify.com/privacy/)  
- [Netlify’s commitment to protect your data](https://www.netlify.com/gdpr-ccpa/)  

## Data Subject Rights

You have the right to:

- **Access**: Request access to your personal data held by me.  
- **Rectify**: Request rectification of inaccurate personal data held by me.  
- **Erasure**: Request erasure of personal data held by me.  
- **Restrict Processing**: Request restriction of personal data processing held by me.  
- **Data Portability**: Request data portability.  
- **Object to Processing**: Object to the processing of personal data held by me.  

## Contact

If you have any questions, concerns, or requests regarding this privacy policy, please contact me, **Luke Crofton Arbuthnot**, at [privseclaw@pm.me](mailto:privseclaw@pm.me).  

## Changes to This Policy

This privacy policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in my data processing practices or to comply with changes in applicable laws and regulations. You are encouraged to review this policy regularly to stay informed about how I handle your personal data.  

By using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
